Mei Xiu, go and beg Lin Xuan
Mr. Chen Mr. Chen
I heard about this garbage
When the villain is successful
The means of revenge are unusual
Go and beg him
I don't want to die.
Is that right, Mr. Chen?
Our lives are entrusted to you
Yes, I will serve you well tonight.
It must be useful to serve you
Go and beg him, go and beg him
Because corporate modellers are not interested
You don't often say that power is everything
Then I don't know if it's whole
Let you feel
Being crushed by power
kid
I warn you.
Enough is Enough
You are a waste that lives on women
Why are you showing off your power here?
You are a bottom-up trash
Why do you think the princess will like you?
It's just looking at the little white face for fun
This love comes and goes quickly
I advise you.
Don't do things too well.
Before it's too late to regret
I thank you.
Let me see a wonderful and wonderful show
Let me know the current smoking scene
It's so smoky
Let me know all the fairness and justice
Worthless in the face of interpretation
But when it comes to power
Can you beat me?
Princess, you really want to pay for the injustice of this Li family
Are you enemies with our four major families?
Sure and sure
Take down everyone present for me
Wait a minute.
1 o'clock
Are you the brave envoy of the Li family to destroy the door?